README.md, before:

# rautotest.nvim

An nvim plugin for automating test files in an R package when an R source file buffer is saved/written.

## 📦 Installation

Use your favorite plugin manager to install rautotest.nvim and its dependencies (currently depends on [telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) and having R with plumber and devtools libraries installed). For example,

### [packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)

```lua
use {
    "jrwishart/rautotest.nvim",
    ft = {'r'}, -- optional, only load plugin for r files
    requires = { "nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim" }
}
```

### [lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)

```lua
{
    jrwishart/rautotest.nvim,
    dependencies = { 'telescope.nvim' },
    ft = {'r'} -- optional, only load plugin for r files
}
```

## ✨ Usage

When you save a file, `rautotest.nvim` will run testthat against the test file associated with the source file using plumber and then decoaring the test file with information about results (pass or fail). The test files that are linked need to be specified by the user. The workflow is as follows:

1. Link the files: open the desired R source file in a buffer and then run the command

```
:RAutotestAddTestLinks
```

Doing so will open a telescope prompt of all the identified files in the test directory. Select the test file that corresponds to the source file you are currently editing.

2. Save the source file in the buffer. This will run the test file that is linked to the source file.


To remove the link to prevent the tests running when the buffer is saved/written, run the command

```
:RAutotestRemoveTestLinks
```

If there is only one file linked it will be removed. If there are multiple files linked, then another telescope prompt will open to select the file to remove.

Commit message:

feat: Remove plenary and telescope and make requests async (not blocking) (#2)
Streamlined the plugin. It now

1. Doesn't support the source <--> test file pairing of running tests on autosave of source file.
2. Uses async requests for running tests so they are not blocking.
3. Removes the dependency on telescope and plenary

README.md, after:

# rautotest.nvim

An nvim plugin for automating test files in an R package when an R source file buffer is saved/written.

## 📦 Installation

Use your favorite plugin manager to install rautotest.nvim and its dependencies (currently depends on R with plumber and devtools libraries installed). For example,

### [packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)

```lua
use {
    "jrwishart/rautotest.nvim",
    ft = {'r'}, -- optional, only load plugin for r files
}
```

### [lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)

```lua
{
    jrwishart/rautotest.nvim,
    ft = {'r'} -- optional, only load plugin for r files
}
```

## ✨ Usage

Load to a testthat file from your R package into a buffer, and run the command

```
:RAutotestTestFile
```

![rautotest.nvim demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jrwishart/rautotest.nvim/master/demo.gif)

Doing so will run an external R process via `plumber` to run the tests in then file and then decorate the buffer with the results of the tests.

If you wish to remove the decorations from the buffer, you can run the command

```
:RAutotestClearMarks
```
